well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so we have to talk about that
repair of thing because something
important happening is something that
really can help illustrate something now
the important thing was not Ben Shapiro
just I'm sorry to use the term getting
destroyed by Andrew Neil but something
happened early on and that before he
took off his mic and ran away okay so
while I'm starting Americans you
probably don't know who Andrew Neil is
you may not anyway go ahead and while
I'm talking head over to Wikipedia just
read okay so the interview starts off
with a simple question and then goes on
to talk about how the media and in the
u.s. is very liberal in fact to use the
term radical left and he's getting that
term out early okay because it helps
divide everything helps divide
everything
now the reality is that for whatever
reason Fox News is the most trusted news
network in the US according to polls
that's that's what it is
and then Neil goes on and kind of points
out that the new ideas are coming out of
the left in the US what what is
considered the left using that term
coming from the Democrats and Shapira
I'm never gonna make it through this
well yeah Shapiro goes on this kind of
rant to say that you know the
conservative intelligentsia which is
apparently a part of they have robust
debate about what should be done got the
medical system and whether or not
climate change is a threat now keep in
mind he didn't actually point out any
new ideas they have just said that they
talked about it
and then he gets posed one kind of tough
question not really but I mean I guess
it could be if you were used to people
that just play ball with you he asked
some Neil asked him about abortion and
Ben just goes off the rails tells him to
be honest in his own biases I hope by
now you have read a little bit about who
this guy is he goes on to say that had
that you know if you're on the Left just
say that you're on the Left getting it
out there early don't believe anything
this guy says he's part of the other
team and then he says it's pretty
evident from your questions who you are
so he doesn't know he doesn't know that
I mean this is kind of like somebody
thank you as calling Rush Limbaugh on
the left now the whole point Neal was
trying to point out was that these type
of pundits are questioning debate in in
American media this may be one of the
only things Android you and I will ever
agree they do they do because they use
that divide as soon as something gets
thrown out that is in opposition oh well
you're part of the other team and this
happens on on the American right and the
American left but it more so happens on
the right and as evidence of this scroll
through my videos there's a dozen on gun
ownership advocating gun ownership
talking about guns and you won't find
anything that's anti Second Amendment in
any of my videos I have never been
called right-wing by anybody it is this
is really more of a phenomenon that
occurs within the right that that's
where it happens the most it does happen
in the left and I'm sitting here using
these terms because they used them
and that's some women clear up here in a
minute and then as Ben continues to just
lose it he goes on to say I'm popular
and no one has ever heard of you I've
heard of you I've already hindered I
know you're if you're not gonna come
look up his Wikipedia this is like
Rupert I mean I think I think Rupert
Murdoch actually hand selected this dude
for a job once he's not anybody's
definition of anything remotely related
to the left I mean from I know he was
fairly instrumental in getting the UK
involved in Iraq I mean he is not a
she's not any anybody's ideal a leftist
and that's that's another problem we
have in the u.s. because and it happens
so subtly I mean I wound up doing it in
this video equating liberal left and
Democrat those are not the same thing
they're not we don't have a leftist
party in the US we have some some
individual politicians that espouse a
few leftist ideas but even those are
pretty soft that we don't have leftist
we don't have socialists doesn't matter
how many times the Republicans say it I
have yet to hear any mainstream
candidate advocate seizing the means of
production okay or worker control of the
means of production it's it's not we
don't have that in the US so the idea
that we even have a left it is is funny
Democrats are center-right they are
there to the left of Republicans but
that's not saying much
so but the key thing that we need to
take away from this video I mean other
than the laughs is that tendency to shut
down and immediately say well now this
person is a leftist I don't have to
listen to them even if you're a
political pundit with millions of
followers you can just take your
microphone often throw it down not
listen not debate not discuss anything
because they're from the other team and
it's all about that now that one per
sticker politics right left red and blue
and the reality is Neil was right the
conservative the Conservatives in the
United States and the Conservatives
generally everywhere it's kind of in the
definition they don't have new ideas
that that's that is the purview of the
liberal movement within whatever country
it is in the United States that passes
for the Democrats you're not going to
get a lot of new ideas from the
Republican Party their whole modus
operandi is to to maintain the status
quo to enforce more government
regulation you know they they pride
themselves against small government name
one Republican administration in which
the government shrank it's not the case
so that's that's what I hope people
really see is they see the guy that is
known for destroying somebody he is
hand-picked to destroy and then the
second he County encounters any
resistance oh well this person's a
leftist and I don't have to listen to
him I don't have to answer and the
reasons you see you know if you're not
gonna watch the video I will put this
video in the links the reasoning left is
because the guy started quoting him
that's what it boiled down to he didn't
want an answer for the things that he
had said that were inflammatory over the
years
now kind of kicking myself for doing
this video because I don't like giving
these guys a nod
I don't like helping to platform them in
any way I'm sure that everybody the only
reason I did it's come true everybody
has heard of n ship hero and how he
destroys people but please if we're
gonna have any forward movement in this
country what passes for the left and the
right in this country have to start
talking and what you're gonna find out
is if you actually start talking to the
right wing voters you're gonna find out
that they have a lot of the same
problems you have they just believe a
different set of politicians is gonna
fix it and the reality is you're both
wrong they're not it's gonna be up to
you it is going to be up to you anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good
night